fix(VVirtualScroll): issues with scrolling and scrollToIndex (#18376)
vuetifyjs/vuetify: packages/docs/src/pages/en/components/virtual-scroller.md

<example file="v-virtual-scroll/prop-item-height" />

> If your items are not of a uniform size, try to set the **item-height** prop to the average size of an item, for the best possible user experience. However if you have dynamic content with unknown size and omit the **item-height** prop, `v-virtual-scroll` will still dynamically calculate each item as the user scrolls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the **item-height** prop to the average size of an item if your items aren't uniformly sized; this will improve user experience. If you leave out the **item-height** prop due to dynamic, unknown-size content, **v-virtual-scroll** will dynamically calculate each item's size as the user scrolls.
```
